v-html, scrape for strings that have
HTML elements that need to be rendered.
This is really cool.
So let's say, from a server,
somebody gives you this string and
it has a link in it and
of course, it's gonna be a really
amazing taco recipe that I really like.
So if you wanna make really good,
all pasta or
tacos, I suggest this one
that's neither here nor there.
But, [LAUGH] if you look at this string
you don't wanna evaluate this string when
you put it to the page,
which is what it would typically do.
What you wanna do is you want to use
v-html instead of the mustache templates,
and then it will treat
that HTML like HTML.
It will see that link and
create a link out of the link.
Cool.
There is a warning that I will warn
you with, do not accept user input and
then put it to the page with v-html
because that could be a cross
site scripting attack vector.
So if you look at this goofy example and
you want it to go to this Alpa store
tacos thing, and it says I have to
install all your tacos, that sucks,
I don't want them to be stolen.
So this is really not
a good way of doing things.
If you know that you you don't
know exactly what you're getting,
I would not suggest using v-html to
access that and print it out to the page.
v-text is similar to
using mustache templates.
This is also one that is not
as useful as other things.
But it's basically the same
as the mustache template.
So if I say, I like carne asada,
I know there are other tacos but
I'm just sticking to those
two those are my favorites.
[LAUGH] So we've got these
moustache templates here, and
then we've got the v-text,
they do the same thing.
The reason why we have both is sometimes
you only have access to changing
an attribute or something and
you don't or you're not able to
insert something inside of a tag.
So just in case you run into that
occurrence, then you can use that.
If you want to dynamically
update things though,
it's recommended to use
mustache templates.
They're evaluated a little faster.
I made a little table just in case you
wanted to look at all of them really
quickly and you didn't wanna go through
back through all of the course.
So I have some of these purposes and
examples that you can refer to.